allow to disable support for sampler with linear filtering (#655)
kpet/clvk: README.md

    * `0x00c00000`: meaning `CL3.0` (default)
    * `0x00402000`: meaning `CL1.2`

> * `CLVK_SUPPORTS_LINEAR_FILTER` specifies if using sampler with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CLVK_SUPPORTS_LINEAR_FILTER` specifies whether using samplers with
```

  `CL_FILTER_LINEAR` is supported (default: `true`). Note that this is not

>   required by the OpenCL-CTS, thus can be switch to false to have a conformant
>   implementation on some platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  required for OpenCL conformance on GPU devices and thus can be disabled to pass
  conformance on devices that do not support linear filtering with all the image formats
  required for conformance.
```
